Date: 10 April 2023
Week 9 meeting
Chair: Wojtek
Note taker: Radu

### Opening:
- Check attendance and ensure everyone is present
- Has everyone read the agenda? Does anyone want to bring anything else up during the meeting?

### Tags:
- Is the tags branch in a state that can be merged yet?
- If not, what can we do to help it reach such a state?
- Do we all unanimously agree on how to proceed?

### Upcoming Deadlines
- Code, HE, PP due Today
- Self-reflection - Friday
- Buddycheck - will become avialable soon

### Heuristic Evaluation:
- Have we re-vamped the sections that received insufficient (Method (prototype), Improvements)?
- Are we meeting the word count?
- Any other comments/concerns?

### Product Pitch
- Has everyone recorded and uploaded their part of the video?
- Does our video have all the neccessary parts (including intro/outro)?
- Does our video fit within the strict 9-10 minute time limit?
- Do we want to watch the video in its current state to get feedback?

### Repository Read-Only:
- Repository is becoming read-only today evening
- Has everyone pushed everything they wanted to push?
- Should we add time estimates to completed issues for extra points?

### Closing
- Thank everyone for their work on the project
- Any questions?
